This is actually the ghost mother jade of the spiritual kingdom
Ghost mother jade
What jade what gold learning kingdom
Rumor has it that there was a thousand-year-old kingdom in history
Named Jinjue Kingdom
Generations of women in power
The token of power is this ghost mother jade
It is said that this ghost mother jade is worth 600 million
Six billion.
Lu Yao, I knew you were not mortal
Don't you still like me?
I'm going to remarry now
But I will definitely copy you tonight.
host
Now the results of this auction have changed
It seems that the lady did not see the wrong person
I declare
This time, the heirs of the Shi family despise Shi Yaxian Shengyu
In the future, Miss Shi will be in charge of the Shi family. This is the end
Offended the Shi family
What should we do with the Tang family?
Master Shi, what should we do?
Impossible this is impossible
That's not possible.
I didn't expect to let this kid surnamed Du pick up beans
It's a pity that the teacher spent so much money
In the end, the position of the head of the teacher's family is still Miss Shi
Get out of here
Okay, Yaqi, let's go too
Oh.
Yes, it's Shaoyang.
We made a bet just now that we would meet me if we lost
Forget it.
After all, people with no brains
Throw into the age of character
You still have this remnant of accidentally breaking you
I think so.
Dip into your boyfriend
Is dad okay?
I will definitely not let you go.